I had one after Rock halfway through
mystery halfway through speaking and
after okay great so the syllables would
be Rock Miss speak whole right did
anyone else have the same
ones anybody else have different
ones okay so everybody
who's who's saying did you have a
different one or the same one I had the
same the same one okay so everybody can
hear it right that's right there in our
bodies in our ears so there's four and
four and then if we go back to that
first line so far we only had two up and
low do you think there might be extra
ones in there that we haven't heard yet
in that first line through the upper and
lower World Body and Soul would be body
yeah B the first syllable of body right
okay that's a third one would there be a
fourth
one yep
Soul yeah okay there we go so we have
four in each line right okay now how do
we know sometimes people can get
confused so it's useful to just realize
what is it about these syllables that
makes them different from the others how
can we tell that these are the ones we
feel it in our body we feel it we hear
it in our ears but if you had to put a
word to it or describe it to somebody
how could you describe what we're
hearing here
how are they different from the other
syllables any
clue yeah